Fixing BinarySearch section (#315)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/debugging/03-identify-the-problem2.md

## Binary Search

One of the simpler algorithms you will learn or have learned is binary search, which lets you search for an item in a sorted list in logarithmic time. The idea is to check the middle of the sorted list and see if it matches the element we want; if we find the element, the algorithm is finished. If the element is higher, we search the upper half of the list. Otherwise, we search the lower half of the list. We repeat the process until we find the item we are searching for.

|![Searching for number 7 in an ordered list of 10 numbers using Binary Search](../resources/binary_search.svg)|
|:--:|
|Searching for number **7** in an ordered list of **10** numbers using Binary Search|

<iframe height="600px" width="100%" src="https://replit.com/@nuevofoundation/Debugging-Samples-C?lite=true#binary_search/binary_search.c" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allowtransparency="true" allowfullscreen="true" sandbox="allow-forms allow-pointer-lock allow-popups allow-same-origin allow-scripts allow-modals"></iframe>

Our program will ask you to search for a name based on the position they are located at. 

> Open the **Shell** on the Repl.it window and compile the program:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the **Shell** on the Replit window and compile the program:

```

``` bash
make BinarySearch
```

Run the program like so:
``` bash
./examples/BinarySearch
```

You should see a list of names and their numbers in a list. Search Emily by typing 6 on the prompt and click `Enter`.

|![Searching for Amy](../resources/debugging_process_searching_for_amy.svg)|
|:--:|
|Searching for Amy.|

Now run the program again and search for the number for `Ramona`. The program breaks with a `Segmentation fault (core dumped)` message! 😮

When faced with such a problem, you should ask yourself, what is the behavior of the bug?
Segmentation fault errors are usually a sign of one of the following problems:
- Accessing an array out of bounds.
- Dereferencing a NULL pointer.
- Memory / Stack overflows.

> For more information check [List of Common Reasons for Segmentation Faults in C](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/List-of-Common-Reasons-for-Segmentation-Faults-in-C-Cplusplus#:~:text=List%20of%20Common%20Reasons%20for%20Segmentation%20Faults%20in,7%20Stack%20overflow%208%20Writing%20to%20read-only%20memory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information check out a [List of Common Reasons for Segmentation Faults in C](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/List-of-Common-Reasons-for-Segmentation-Faults-in-C-Cplusplus#:~:text=List%20of%20Common%20Reasons%20for%20Segmentation%20Faults%20in,7%20Stack%20overflow%208%20Writing%20to%20read-only%20memory).
```
